Pagination: add Getting Started tutorial (#6890)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Pagination/05 Getting Started with Pagination/15 Implement Remote Pagination/00 Implement Remote Pagination.md

> This section explains how to implement remote pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to implement remote pagination. Client code generates a color list and requests a remote service for cards that represent those color entries on screen. The pagination component helps users browse resulting color cards.
```

> In this tutorial, colored cards load as a user changes pages or adjusts page size. The essential steps are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementation can be broken down into three steps:
```

> This section explains how to implement remote pagination. Client code generates a color list and requests a remote service for cards that represent those color entries on screen. The pagination component helps users browse resulting color cards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section explains how to implement remote pagination. Client code generates a color list and requests a remote service for cards representing color entries on the screen. The pagination component helps users browse the resulting color cards.
```

1. Generate 100 hex codes.

> 2. Fetch [The Color API](https://www.thecolorapi.com/) (open source) whenever:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fetch color cards from [The Color API](https://www.thecolorapi.com/) service when necessary:
```

>     - The page initially loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On page load
```

>     - Page size changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On page size changes
```

>     - Page is switched (page index changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On page index changes
```

> 3. Display the fetched colored cards after loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Display color cards obtained from the service. 
```

> Begin by declaring functions to generate random pastel hex codes and add them to an array of length 100:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the first step. Generate 100 random pastel hex codes and add them to an array:
```
